Ryan 21001 beta (#1934)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2021-11-30-beta-release-post.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "MicroProfile 5, MicroProfile Rest Client 3.0 and JPA enhancements in 22.0.0.1-beta"
# Do NOT change the categories section
categories: blog
author_picture: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/ryan-storey
author_github: https://github.com/ryan-storey
seo-title: MicroProfile 5, MicroProfile Rest Client 3.0 and JPA enhancements in 22.0.0.1-beta - OpenLiberty.io
seo-description: Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta offers MicroProfile 5.0 and MicroPrifle Rest Client 3.0, which align with Jakarta EE 9.1. Also available in this beta release is an enhancement to JPA which provides the ability to declare "default" JPA persistence properties. 
blog_description: Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta offers MicroProfile 5.0 and MicroPrifle Rest Client 3.0, which align with Jakarta EE 9.1. Also available in this beta release is an enhancement to JPA which provides the ability to declare "default" JPA persistence properties. 
open-graph-image: https://openliberty.io/img/twitter_card.jpg
---

> = MicroProfile updates and enhancements to JPA persistence properties in Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta

Author: ```suggestion
= MicroProfile 5, MicroProfile Rest Client 3.0 and JPA enhancements in Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta
```

Ryan Storey <https://github.com/ryan-storey>
:imagesdir: /
:url-prefix:
:url-about: /
//Blank line here is necessary before starting the body of the post.

> Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta offers MicroProfile 5.0 and MicroPrifle Rest Client 3.0, which align with Jakarta EE 9.1. Also available in this beta release is an enhancement to JPA which provides the ability to declare "default" JPA persistence properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Liberty 22.0.0.1-beta offers MicroProfile 5.0 including MicroProfile Rest Client 3.0, which align with Jakarta EE 9.1. Also available in this beta release is an enhancement to JPA which provides the ability to declare "default" JPA persistence properties.
```
